OSDOCS-20646: CQA of SPO Advanced Logging Files (#115037)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/spo-log-json-enrich.adoc

  }
}
----
+
* `json-enricher-log-volume-source.json`: Defines the type of volume (for example, a host path and empty directory) where logs are stored. This value must be a JSON string that represents a `corev1.VolumeSource` object.
* `json-enricher-log-volume-mount-path`: Specifies the directory path where the log file is generated.

. Verify the file contents by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat patch-volume-source.json
----

> . Update the `security-profiles-operator-profile` config map by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update the `security-profiles-operator-profile` `ConfigMap` by using the following command:
```
This is how you wrote it above, line 30.

Author: Excellent catch, thank you! BOTH line 30 and 54 are inconsistent and incorrect. It should be `configmap` both times, so I have fixed both.

+
[source,terminal]
----
# kubectl patch configmap security-profiles-operator-profile -n openshift-security-profiles --patch-file patch-volume-source.json
----
+
Wait until all SPOD pods show `Running` before proceeding.

> . Set the audit log file path by configuring the JSON log enricher with the full path to your audit log file, including the file name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the audit log file path by configuring the JSON log enricher with the full path to your audit log file, including the file name, by running the following command:
```

Author: This is done, thank you.
